Hello, this is Jory Caron, host of "Is it a Good Idea to Microwave This?" In case
you guys don't know, this is, like, an informative little thing right here. Check this out!
Take your mouse, bring it over to "subscribe," left
click! Congratulations! You can now watch this episode!
Jory: Is it a good idea to microwave this?
Let's find out! Here at the Jory Caron Laboratory, safety is our number-one concern. And that's
why we hide behind this giant tin foil shield. It's to protect our nuts...
Jon: Jory! You forgot about Richard Allen!
Oh, yeah, the mouse right here? Donated by Richard Allen. Thanks, Richard! A bunch of
other people donated mice, but this one was the mousiest of the mice!
Jon: Should we mention the other people who donated mice to us?
Oh... Thank you, Donnie Norris and wow4ever!
Jon: Yeah! Thanks, everybody!
Jory: Okay, let's go!
Jon: Into the laboratory!
*clicking of mouse*
Jory: We also have these fans. They're to circulate the air. No one really
cares! And here's the Sharp carousel microwave. Her name's Tracy, I believe.
Jon: It's Tracy!
Jon: I'm so glad that we're finally back in Sharp territory, because, for awhile
there, plus two episodes with Vanessa, we were GE-Sharp territory all over!
Riley: (in exaggerated Boston accent) It's shah-p!
Jory: (in Boston accent) Shah-p! This one's shah-p!
Riley: Shah-p territory!
Jory: How do you like your cheddar? Shah-p!
Riley: Shah-p cheddar!
Jory: So, in goes the mouse. I'm gonna put it
up like that, just so, hopefully, you can...
Jon: That is a clever idea!
Jory: I know!
I wonder how long I should put it in there for?
Jon: Riley, I'll give this one to you!
Uh... Seven minutes?
Jon: Alright! He has a good idea for
once, you useless son of a bitch!
Alright, let's get outta here!
Jon: And... rock! Alright, we're in. The mouse is underway! I
think I saw a spark, but I'm not positive.
Jory: Yeah, it's probably from the inhaler... No! That's from inside the mouse.
Jon: Oh, yes! We have...
Riley: Somethin' good!
Jon: Yes! The laser is optic-izing!
Jory: It's optic-izing, that's for sure!
Riley: Oh, dear! It's smoking!
Jory: Oh! It just popped! Did you guys see it hop there?
Jon: Nah, you're makin' this [beep] up!
Jory: No, it actually hopped!
Jon: Dude, you're makin' this up!
Jory: (in silly voice) It's glowing inside!
Riley: Wow! Wow-ie-wow!
Jory: Wow-ie-wow-wow!
Jon: It's pretty foggy. If it catches on fire, I'd suppose you'd find out
about it, right? Yeah! Just like the iPod! I ask, and I receive!
Jory: So now, I'm gonna go in there and turn that bad boy off.
Riley: Can I get the fire extinguisher?
Jory and Jon: NO!
Riley: Damn!
Jon: Let's go find out why it is still burning!
Riley: Ah! Masks on!
Jon: There's a high level of smoke in the air tonight.
Riley: Remember, kids- smoking is what? BAD!
Jory: Bad for you! Smokey says, "Don't try this at home!" Ready?
Jon: Whee! Tracy handled that one like a pro!
Riley: Oh, dear!
Jon: Whoa!
Jory: I think that's the problem right there...
Jon: (in midwestern accent) That's why your computer don't work no more, Mr. Robertson!
Jory: You know how when, sometimes you have to talk to Tech
Support, their first thing is: "Well, is it plugged in?"
Jon: Their second question should be: "Did you put it in a microwave?"
Jory: "Did you put the mouse in the microwave? Is it smoking? Is
it on fire?" That's what they should ask ME, at least...
Riley: Oh, dear! Look at the little tumor it's growing!
Jory: You may be wondering, is it a good
idea to microwave a laser optical mouse?
Jon: Dude, you're just molding it!
Jory: What the hell?!
Jon: Look at the ergonomics on that mouse!
It's whatever you want it to be!
Jory: It's memory! It's a memory mouse, actually.
Jon: It's a memory phone mouse!
Jory: I'm gonna go ahead and say it's NOT
a good idea to microwave a mouse.
Jon: Because, frankly, you can buy a betterly, egronomically designed mouse.
Jory: "Betterly"?!
Jon: That's what I said!
Jory: That's Logitech- "betterly ergonomic." So, that's it for "Is it a Good Idea to
Microwave This?" I'm your host, Jory Caron, and I'll see ya next week. 'Bye!
*end credits play*
Riley: That's not the first time I've heard
that noise before! (slaps on glove) Alright!